SchedulerDAGProcessor docs (#4033)
astronomer/docs: astro/deployment-resources.md

The following table lists all possible scheduler and DAG processor sizes for Astro Hosted:

| Size                     | vCPU                                        | Memory                                            | Ephemeral Storage |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- |
| Small (Up to ~50 DAGs)   | 1                                           | 2Gi                                               | 5 Gi              |
| Medium (Up to ~250 DAGs) | **Scheduler**: 1 <br/> **DAG Processor**: 1 | **Scheduler**: 2 Gi <br/> **DAG Processor**: 2 Gi | 5 Gi              |
| Large (Up to ~1000 DAGs) | **Scheduler**: 1 <br/> **DAG Processor**: 3 | **Scheduler**: 2 Gi <br/> **DAG Processor**: 6 Gi | 5 Gi              |

> | Extra-large (Up to ~2000 DAGs) | **Scheduler**: 1 <br/> **DAG Processor**: 3.5 | **Scheduler**: 2 Gi <br/> **DAG Processor**: 6 Gi | 5 Gi              |

Author: I think we'll just match the UI and I'll add a little call out somewhere.

Astronomer Deployments run a single scheduler by default. You can configure your scheduler to have different amounts of resources based on how many tasks you need to schedule. You can also enable [High Availability](deployment-resources.md#enable-high-availability) to run two instances of PGBouncer and the Airflow Scheduler.

### Size options

> Astro separates the scheduler and DAG processor for some Deployment sizes, which improves security and reliability because the `SchedulerJob` and `DAGProcessorJob` can run on separate hosts. Consider the following details when choosing your scheduler and DAG processor sizes:

Reviewer: to confirm @neel-astro , it's accurate to say that `SchedulerJob`and `DAGProcessorJob` are running on separate hosts? is it meaningful to say `pods` here instead? we use "pods" [in the PRD](https://www.notion.so/astronomerio/Separate-DAG-File-Processor-New-XL-Scheduler-b29f57717eca48a598c436c64c1d5c81) but the [Airflow ticket](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/AIRFLOW/AIP-43+DAG+Processor+separation) say "hosts"

> - To use the separate scheduler and DAG processor, you must use a minimum version of Astro Runtime 9.7.0. Not all sizing options are available to you if your Deployment uses a lower Runtime version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To use the separate scheduler and DAG processor, you must use a minimum version of Astro Runtime 9.7.0. If your Deployment uses a lower Runtime version, the scheduler and DAG processor will run on the same host, and the Extra Large Deployment size will not be available as an option.
```

Reviewer: making this more specific about what happens when you use a lower runtime version
